A table of contents, which should indicate which notebook a reviewer should begin with. ANSWER:I HAVE ONE NOTEBOOK THAT I USED FOR THIS PROJECT. 
A paragraph description of your data cleaning steps, including a justification of any decisions about missing data. ANSWER: I STARTED OFF CHECKING IF I HAVE ANY NULL VALUES  AND DROPPED THEM. I WANTED TO FOCUS ON THE FEATURES THAT CONTAINED NUMERIC VALUES.
A paragraph about the predictors you chose to use. Identify the most interesting predictors and share any insights from EDA. You do not need to describe every single predictor, if you used many!ANSWER: I STARTED OFF WITH IDENTIFYING MY X AND Y VARIABLE. MY X CONTAINED THE FEATURES I PERSONALLY FELT WERE IMPORTANT WHEN LOOKING FOR A HOUSE. MY SCORE WAS NOT THAT GREAT ON THAT AT THE END SO I DECIDED TO ADD MORE FEATURES BUT STUCK TO ALL NUMERIC VALUES SINCE I DID NOT WANT TO CONVERT CATEGORICAL FEATURES TO NUMERIC USING THE PD.DUMMIES FUNCTION. MY Y WAS THE SALES PRICE OF EACH HOUSE. 
A paragraph describing your model. Did you employ regularization? Why did you choose this model over other models?ANSWER: I SPLIT MY DATA INTO A TRAINING SET AND A TESTING SET AND FIRST USED A LINEAR REGRESSION MODEL TO PREDICT THE RESULTS. I ALSO RAN A CROSS VAL FUNCTION TO ENSURE MY DATA IS SYMMETRICALLY TRAINED. THE TRAINING SCORE ON THE LINEAR REGRESSION MODEL WAS 83.6% AND MY CROSS VAL SCORE WAS 77.8%. I USED REGULARIZATION BY EMPLOYING LASSO. MY TRAINING SET SCORE ON THE LASSO REGRESSION WAS 83% AND MY CROSS VAL SCORE WAS 76.6%. I FINALLY CHECKED THE SCORE ON MY TEST DATA USING THE LINEAR REGRESION AS WELL AS LASSO REGRESSION MODEL TO COMPARE WHICH MODEL FARED BETTER. LINEAR REGRESSION - 82.8%. LASSO REGRESSION - 83.5. BASED ON THE TWO SCORES, THE LASSO REGRESSION MODEL FARED BETTER. 